Qutoted from DIAdem User Manual

By default, DIAdem saves the settings in the desktop file desktop.ddd.
When a user starts DIAdem, DIAdem checks whether the folder with the
local user settings contains a desktop file. If the folder does not contain a
desktop file, DIAdem copies the desktop.ddd from the DIAdem folder
into the local user settings.
You can set up different DIAdem configurations for different users or
different projects, save the settings in various desktop files, and load the
files when you need them.
To save the current settings in a new desktop file, select Settings»Options»
Save as. To load a desktop file, select Settings»Options»Load. DIAdem
loads the desktop file and automatically restarts.

Launching DIAdem with Parameters

You can open DIAdem with parameters, to preconfigure DIAdem or to
start DIAdem with a script. Enter the parameters in the properties for the
DIAdem call. To change the Windows shortcut to DIAdem, right-click the
DIAdem icon. Select Properties in the shortcut menu. Add the call
parameters you want in the Target textbox.

Use the /D parameter to launch DIAdem with a specific project desktop
file. The desktop file contains the DIAdem settings such as file paths, units,
or the time format. To load the desktop file testrig.ddd when DIAdem
starts, change the call to the following:
"diadem.exe" "/DC:\diadem\testrig"

Use the /C parameter to perform a command as soon as DIAdem launches.
DIAdem works through several commands from left to right, as shown in
the following example. To run the MyScript script when DIAdem starts,
change the call to the following:
"diadem.exe" "/CScriptStart('MyScript.vbs')"

Use the /S parameter to specify the local system folder for a network
installation when the DIAdem client starts. The DIAdem client searches the
system folder for interface files and system files required for the program
start. DIAdem also requires a USI installation and a NILM client on the
local computer. To specify the system folder system when DIAdem
launches, change the call to the following:
"diadem.exe" "/SC:\diadem\system"

You can use various parameters in one call, and you can use the same
parameter several times. For example, to start an application on a test
computer, change the call to the following:
"diadem.exe" "/DC:\diadem\engine1"
"/CScriptStart('MainTest.vbs')"
"/CScriptStart('TestReport.vbs')"
First, DIAdem loads the desktop file engine1.ddd, with the paths and
settings set up for the project. Then, DIAdem starts the script MainTest,
which displays the user interface for the test. When you close the user
interface, DIAdem stops the MainTest script and starts the second script,
TestReport.